Update blackfire.md (#1831)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: docs/src/integrations/profiling/blackfire.md

Those features may require a Premium or an Enterprise subscription. We offer attractive bundles of Platform.sh and Blackfire.io subscriptions. Please [contact our sales department](https://platform.sh/contact/) to discuss how we can help you.
{{< /note >}}

## Enable Blackfire Application Performance Management (APM)

Blackfire Application Performance Management is installed but not activated by default.

> To be able to use it, adding an [environment variable](development/variables.html) is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use Blackfire APM, add a `env:BLACKFIRE_APM_ENABLED = 1`,  [environment variable](development/variables.html).
```

> This can be achieved either by adding `env:BLACKFIRE_APM_ENABLED = 1` through the administration console or by using the following CLI command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to the administration console, and in your environment page, add  `env:BLACKFIRE_APM_ENABLED = 1`, or use the following Platform CLI command:
```

> Blackfire Application Performance Management is installed but not activated by default.
> To use Blackfire APM, add a `env:BLACKFIRE_APM_ENABLED = 1`,  [environment variable](development/variables.html).
> 
> Go to the administration console, and in your environment page, add  `env:BLACKFIRE_APM_ENABLED = 1`, or use the following Platform CLI command:
> `$ platform variable:create --level environment --name BLACKFIRE_APM_ENABLED --value 1`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Blackfire Application Performance Management is installed but not activated by default on Platform.sh.
To use Blackfire APM, you will need to add the `BLACKFIRE_APM_ENABLED` [environment variable](/development/variables.md) with a value of `1`.

In the management console, view the environment you would like to enable Blackfire APM on and add the variable `env:BLACKFIRE_APM_ENABLED` with the value `1`. 
Otherwise, you can use the CLI command `platform variable:create --level environment --name BLACKFIRE_APM_ENABLED --value 1`
```
